Good morning, family. Praise the Lord, day 50. Thank you for joining me again today.
I want to start out by giving God some praise and thanksgiving for all that He's done with this channel.
It has been amazing what He's done in the last six months. My son was here; you all liked the green screen last time, and he was really excited about that.
Somebody blessed him with $100, and he was so excited because he said, "Dad, that was such a blessing that they did that."He wanted to say thank you for the blessing.
We want to take communion with you all today right off the bat and pray for what I've seen in the spirit again.
Pray for President Trump and for what's going on; I'll get into that after we take communion.
Father, let's just lift up the body. If you haven't got your elements yet, you can pause the video real quick.
A sister in the Lord sent me all these communion cups; she gave us a box of them.
I think she wanted us to take it the way that you do at church, so I'm thankful for her heart.
She blessed us with them, and they came in our PO Box, so I said, "Well, praise the Lord, Diana.
We got a whole box of them."We're going to take this communion and believe God today for everything you need.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
I've said that a hundred times, if not a thousand, and I believe with all my heart that it's true because it's real to me that Jesus is a Healer, that Jesus cares, and He loves you.
Jesus came and set the captives free 2,000 years ago. He became the ultimate sacrifice for every single one of us so that we don't have to walk in a devil's hell.
We don't have to be bound by satanic bondage anymore; we have authority over the devil, ladies and gentlemen.
I take communion because as He is, so are we in this world, and He dwells on the inside of us. This is the meal that heals.
I believe this is the meal that heals—that when we take that body and drink this blood, it is a representation of Jesus Christ dwelling on the inside of us.
He's delivered us, He's healed us, He's set us free, and we're redeemed from the curse of the law.
Father, we lift up this body before You, and we thank You, Lord, that as we take this, we are delivered. We are set free from sickness, disease, poverty, and lack.
You said You became poor that we might be rich; You became sickness that we'd be healed; You became sin so that we don't have to deal with sin anymore.
The sin issue is under Your blood. I thank You, Father, for the body that was broken and beaten for us, and You said in Your word that by Your stripes we are healed.
I believe we receive that healing promise right now in the name of Jesus; by faith, we receive it.
Thank You, Lord, for the body that was broken for us. Thank You, Lord, that we're delivered from sickness and disease.
Thank You, Lord, that we enter in by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We take this blood right now and lift it up before You, Father. We thank You, Lord.
We confess our sins; You are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. We believe, Father, in the blood of Jesus.
We apply the blood of Jesus over everything in our homes, our families, our finances, our minds, our wills, our emotions, and over the spirits that try to come against us.
We hold the blood of Jesus against them, for we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We make much of the blood of Jesus Christ in my house. My kids know the power and the authority of the blood of Jesus and His name.
His name is above every name, and at the name of Jesus every knee shall bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord and King.
He is Lord of lords and King of kings. I believe with all my heart that He rose again on the third day and He set me free from all this demonic stuff.
No weapon formed against him is going to prosper, and we take this blood right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, for it. Lord, I praise You for Your blood. I thank You that You set me free with the blood.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my house tonight; I plead the blood of Jesus over my children, over my mind, over my emotions, over my wife and the children.
I thank You, Lord, over the finances. I thank You, Father, for the blood of Jesus Christ. We apply the blood.
I sing these old songs and I like them a lot because I feel like there's a lot of anointing on the old songs, so I'm going to sing this one for you.
I might mess up on some of the words, but I'm pretty good, I guess.
"Life is easy when you're up on the mountain and you've got peace of mind that you've never known, but things change when you're down in the valley.
Don't lose faith, for you're never alone. For the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, He'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times; the God of the day is still God in the night."We talk of faith when you're up on the mountain—talk comes so easy when life's at its best—but now we're down in the valley of trials and temptations; that's where your faith is really put to the test.
For the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, He'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times; the God of the day is still God in the night.
I like that song a lot. Praise the Lord. Thank You, Father, for Your hand on our homes.
Father, I just worship You. I thank You for Your hand on every single one of us.
We worship You, Father. We thank You for all the people that are here today that need a fresh touch.
All the stresses and all the worries of life try to pull us down, but Father, I thank You that You're the God of the refreshing.
If we come to You boldly as Your beautiful children and say, "Jesus, we need a fresh drink today; we need a fresh touch of the living water as we crawl up into Your lap today,"Father, we say, "Father, we need a fresh drink."Jesus, I am thirsty; won't You come and fill me?
Those earthly things have left me dry; only You can satisfy.
All I want is more of You. Nothing I desire, Lord, but more of You.
Fill my cup, Lord; I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of Heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Lord, we're thirsty; we're desperate for a fresh drink today.
We're desperate to come underneath Your spout where the glory comes out.
We're desperate to know more about You today; less of us and more of You.
As You are the Potter, we are the clay. Mold us and make us today, Father. Create in us a clean heart.
Strip off the things of this world so that the glory of the Lord rests on us today.
When we stand before You, we don't stand as our own selves, but we stand underneath the blood of Jesus Christ that's washed us and made us clean.
Father, we come boldly into Your throne and sit at Your feet and say, "Oh, we want to know You more."We desire to drink from Your cup.
Father, I want to know the intimate things from the Word and from You, just to sit with You a while.
I need You to hold me. Nothing can touch me. You are the Potter, Father.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels so that the excellence of the power would be known of You and not of us.
We take this time in our day just to sit at Your feet to drink from the Master's hand. Father, we need more.
I know we're wall-to-wall Holy Spirit, but Father, I want to come to greater levels to soar, to come up higher where the fire's at, in the throne room, taking all this stuff off—all the stress and worries of life, the bills, the stress of work, the family drama.
We just take it all and sit at Your feet and worship You today.
We need refreshing, Father. Fill our cup, Lord; I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of Heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole. Thank You. I feel the glory.
As the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longeth after Thee. You alone are my heart's desire, and I long to worship Thee.
You alone are my strength, my shield; to You alone may my spirit yield.
Father, we just worship You. We say: Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom; trumpets will surely sound. All of the dead shall rise; righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies; heavenward bound. Lord, we worship You.
You said You inhabit the praises of Your people, and You said, "Make a joyful noise unto the Lord."We make a joyful noise to You today, Father.
We worship You, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever. Holy Spirit, You're welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place.
For in Your presence there's healing divine; no other power can heal, Lord, but Thine.
Holy Spirit, You're welcome in this place. Sweet Holy Spirit, You are welcome.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place.
You're welcome as we invite You every day to change us from glory to glory, to make us more like You and less like this world.
When we go into public places, Father, people see the glory on us and they want what we have. Father, we worship You.
We're not in a hurry; we take the time just to sit at Your feet and thank You for all that You've done for us.
We magnify Your name in all the earth. Holy Spirit, we love You.
We praise You. We adore You. Father, we thank You. We pray this blesses you today.
Father, I lift up my voice to sing these praises to You, for You're worthy of all our praise.
We thank You, Lord, for every single person who is needing something in their body today.
We thank You, Father, that You're the Healer and the Deliverer. Addictions are breaking off right now in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over addictions; we bind that demonic spirit and we tell you: cease and desist in your maneuvering against them right now.
We command all addictions to be broken off of them—from drug addictions to pornography to alcohol to cigarettes, all of it.
Gambling addictions, you come off of these people's lives in the name of Jesus, and we call you delivered from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
All demonic attachments, be gone now in Jesus'name. You leave now, devils.
We command them to be free, for whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
We thank You, Father, for Your mighty hand delivering them, breaking off the scales of bondage.
We call for the yoke of bondage to be removed off of you in the name of Jesus.
We call for restoration of marriages, homes, and children. They are delivered and healed and whole.
I thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against these people will prosper.
We call them blessed and favored. Their homes are filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
They are no longer bound by a devil's hell; they are rejoicing and coming up higher with the fire in these last days.
I thank You, Lord, that all the people in California will hear You on where to be and when to be there.
They'll not walk in fear about the signs of the times—earthquakes in divers places, pestilences, and plagues.
We're not moved by fear, but we flow with the Holy Spirit. We're in step with You.
We're in sync with You, following You every day, and we know exactly where we're supposed to be.
We're always in the right place at the right time. All our needs are met according to Your riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
I thank You, Father, that we're always in the shelter of the Most High. We will abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
We will say, "The Lord, He is our refuge, our fortress, our God; in Him will I trust."We trust in You, God.
You've made us the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
I believe this is a time like no other where we walk in divine health.
I was reading my Bible and I came across the passage whenever the devil said to Peter—actually, he said, "Jesus I know, and Paul I know, but who are you?"Do the devils know who you are in hell?
I want them to be afraid when I wake up every single morning. They say, "Oh no, Brandon's awake again,"because the glory of the Lord rests on me.
I thank You, Lord, that the anointing of the Holy Spirit is coming on stronger and stronger in these last days. Father, we lift up Asia.
We lift up the prime ministers and parliaments of South Korea, and over all of Asia, Japan, China, and Hong Kong.
We call forth revival in Asia in the name of Jesus. The spirit of false religion is breaking off of them.
Holy Spirit, I ask You to flood their churches and houses with Your presence in a supernatural way, for signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
I thank You, Lord, that they will raise the dead and cast out devils by Your glory.
This will be a snowball effect in South America, Africa, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, America, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and the islands.
Even in the Arctic, North Pole, and South Pole, we believe there will be a global move of Your presence like we've never seen before.
Before the Rapture of the church, we believe we will see the dead raised, blinded eyes opened, and creative miracles all for the glory of God. We thank You, Lord, for a fresh word for 2025.
We are expecting to close out 2024 and go with great acceleration into 2025—an amazing year ahead of us financially, spiritually, mentally, and emotionally.
Father, give us revelation knowledge according to Ephesians 1:18, that the eyes of our understanding would be enlightened. We call forth a revelation of who we are in Christ.
We believe in the glorious church and a great outpouring of Your Spirit, with supernatural manifestations and demonstrations of the glory.
Father, I thank You that there's nothing missing and nothing broken.
Every person watching this video is delivered and set free.
We find scriptures to stand on for healing and wholeness. You sent Your word and healed us.
If you abide in Me and My words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
We believe that today. Great is Your faithfulness to us, Father.
Thank You for this weekend and this week ahead of us. We're in this Christmas season, and we give You worth.
Happy birthday, Jesus. Thank You, Holy Spirit, that You're coming again and that You're preparing a beautiful home for us.
"Silent night, holy night, all is calm, all is bright. Round yon virgin mother and child, holy infant so tender and mild, sleep in heavenly peace."Father, we worship You.
You're beautiful to us. Thank You for this time of refreshing and for the healings and deliverances.
Thank You, Father, for protecting President Trump today with Emmanuel Macron and the meetings they've had.
I thank You, Lord, that You've given President Trump wisdom; even before stepping into office, he's already starting to set up the plan to help turn and make America pray again and be great again.
I thank You, Lord, for the financial blessings on our nations.
Father, we bless Israel. Those that bless Israel, You said You bless.
We call for healing and wholeness over all the people that are broken.
We thank You, Father, for divine protection. Well, I pray this video blessed you today.
It was a bit different, but I thought, why not bring a different atmosphere—a worship prayer?
It's putting Him first. He knows what you need. Go to him with worship and bring praise into your home, then make your petitions known to Him.
It turns things in the spirit realm. It's taking the care out of your prayer—not being so stressed.
Peace like a river, like the flow of a stream. Peace is there.
Don't allow the cares of life to take over your thoughts like bees in a beehive.
Calm down and just flow. He's in that peace, that still small voice that passes all understanding.
He's not in a hurry; He's not freaking out. He is steady. I've never once heard God be in a panic.
He's never like, "Oh my God, Jesus, what are we going to do?"He is steady and firm, and that's where we should be because we're abiding in Him.
I am not moved by what I see or feel; I am moved by what the Word says.
He's moved by faith in what the Word says. As you stand in faith and believe Him, He will meet your needs.
He's not moved by the emotion of crying and bellowing. Take the emotion out of it and go to Him boldly.
"Father, You said in Your word You would do this."That's how Jesus resisted the devil.
He spoke to him; he said, "It is written, devil."He wasn't moved.
Stand steadfast like a solid pillar. My house is built upon the Rock.
When the storms of life come, they don't knock down my house. My house is built on a firm foundation.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower, and the righteous run to it and are safe.
That's what we stand on today. No matter the drama in the news, we're not moved by it.
We take our authority over the nations, our area, our house, and our town. We pray over our government and leadership.
We thank You, Lord, that on Inauguration Day, there will be no disruptions or distractions; it will be a time of great peace.
They will not assassinate Trump; they will not hurt him. A thousand shall fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand, but it will not come nigh him.
We pray over JD Vance; no weapon formed against these people will prosper.
Thank You, Father, for Your hand over all his cabinet. Thank you for joining me today.
We'll be back again tomorrow. Tomorrow will be day 51. I appreciate you all joining me.
Please like the video, subscribe if you haven't, click the notification bell, and give us a thumbs up.
Comment something nice down below; it helps with the algorithm and helps our channel grow.
We appreciate every one of you praying with us every single day.
Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
We will see you again tomorrow. Have a blessed night. Bye-bye.